well Hamas continues to fire Rockets
from Gaza into Southern Israel warning
sirens have sounded across Israel with
people in the coastal city of Tel Aviv
and surrounding towns there taking
shelter well let's bring in our
correspondent Stephanie Decker who's
very close to the Gaza Israel border
Steph I'll get to the reports of of the
Rockets we've been hearing about in just
a moment but we have been reporting on
this planned offensive from Israel into
Gaza what sort of mobilization have you
been seeing there on the
border yes well you can probably see
behind me and samid will take you closer
you were just talking about that Israeli
Army statement uh that uh an attack from
the air the Sea and the ground is
imminent what you're looking at now is a
contingent of Israeli tanks stationed on
the outskirts of the Gaza border this is
just a very small fraction of the
military buildup the military hardware
that has been brought into these areas
of course it's been the the largest
callup of Israeli reservists in Israel's
history so uh this gives you a sense of
the power uh that the Israelis are going
to use it's is just as I said just a
small fraction of what is stationed
around here that has been brought here
over the last week we saw the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
yesterday um talking to troops saying
the next phase was about to begin some
leaks in the Israeli media saying that
the ground offensive was expected to
perhaps have started overnight but that
weather heavy Cloud um was perhaps a
deterrent these are all speculations
what is clear is that the military
hardware is in place it does seem to be
only a question of time uh before that
happens uh Steph let me ask you now
about those rocket attacks I know you've
been experiencing those yourself how are
people there near the border holding up
are they
leaving people have left a lot of people
have left but there's also a lot of
Israelis who've de decided to stay we
were in ashon yesterday in zat um where
there was a constant barrage of missiles
being fired overhead most of them
intercepted by Israeli anti-missile
system the Iron Dome also at night in
ashdod um heavy barrage overhead where
we were staying and also Tel Aviv as you
mentioned there so despite the intensity
the most intense bombardment of Gaza
that you know we have seen throughout
the period of the many wars that have
happened here they still haven't managed
to take out uh hamas's rocket firing
capabilities um so certainly that is a
reality along this border but what you
are seeing from the people living here
is that they are very much behind the
military they are very much behind this
war and they're very much behind the
message from the Israeli Army that they
want Hamas uh to be taken out and of
course you know we do have to say again
the distinction that 2 million civilians
inside Gaza do not represent Hamas are
not responsible uh for the attack by
Hamas but there is a lot of anger and
calls for Revenge certainly from people
here Stephanie deer they're on the
ground for us near the border with Gaza
on the Israeli side thank you very much
Steph well the US secretary of state has
met the Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad bin
Salman in Riyad for more talks on the
Gaza War Anthony blinkin visited the
Kingdom on Saturday before heading to
the United Arab Emirates in Abu Dhabi he
met the president shik Muhammad bin zad
al- Nyan they discussed the need for
cooperation to restore Regional
stability and to allow humanitarian Aid
into Gaza meanwhile the US has sent a
second aircraft carrier strike group to
the Eastern Mediterranean this show of
force aims to deter be